it's very easy to fail to get enough
protein the only way to be sure that you
are getting enough protein if you are
getting enough calories if that's your
metric just getting enough calories is
to completely avoid low protein foods
like fruit and rice are you serious are
you actually serious
[Music]
Oh
I
cutter
[Music]
thirteen
very efficient
it's very easy to fail together
[Music]
[Laughter]
13 13 13 13 13
[Music]
ha man abhava CL has really been
grossing unnatural vegan lately he has
now made four videos and well I I
definitely have a few things to say
about this I feel like the best way to
start this out is unnatural vegan
I mean unnatural vegan may have the name
vegan in her name the type of viewers
and followers that she does tend to
attract to her channel are vegetarian
pescetarian flexitarian reduction Aryan
and if you are truly a vegan who is in
it for the ethics it annoys the living
[ __ ] out of you
the first big hypocrisy that I am seeing
here that Obama CL has pointed out is
that although she's not really a vegan
she on her patreon is asking for money
for a vegan documentary ok it's kind of
like you're not really a vegan a big
critique that many people including
myself and above the CL have with her is
that she really dances around these
issues and cherry-picks information in
order to suit her selfish needs so for
someone to be making a documentary who's
very lacking on her vegan ethics is
really not a good idea in my mind I did
notice a little comment from none other
than flim face I thought it was a good
comment so here it is amazing how she
profits from the community from someone
she doesn't like the community doesn't
wish to interact with the community and
doesn't make it ever - despite making
herself a part of it she's in the game
playing lady captain telling people how
to be but she seemingly got no interest
in the other players bad sport towards
the end of one video she was like oh
yeah I was thinking of going to a vegan
Meetup
then I realized not all these hippie
vegans have vaccinated the children so I
don't want to go there I don't want to
expose my children to unvaccinated
children it's sort of been like on the
down-low but I think it is safe to say
and announce that yes a natural vegan is
now pregnant with a second child a
really other kind of disturbing thing
that a Bala CL has brought to my
attention once again a natural vegan
likes to cherry-pick and kind of give
the okay and green light to be taking
antidepressants while you are pregnant
taking antidepressants while you're
pregnant
there is definitely evidence that that
will cause severe harm to you and your
child I'm not an expert here but my big
belief here is that if something is not
good for you as a full-grown healthy
adult what is that doing to your unborn
child or a young child in general I do
believe I've said what I've had to say
so to wrap up and conclude this video
no unnatural vegan is not really vegan
she dances around her ethics and
cherry-picks information to suit her own
selfish needs on top of that it's shady
as [ __ ] that she is profiting off of
true vegans in order to make some shitty
documentary
[Music]
how to hurt
thirteen
[Music]
country's efficient
fail to get protein he only made to be
sure that you are getting enough protein
secretly of
commence the treatments